 is located on
the left side of the instrument panel and provides caution (amber)
and warning (red) messages for selected portions of the airplane
systems. The annunciator is designed to flash messages for
approximately 10 seconds to gain the attention of the pilot before
changing to steady on. The annunciator panel cannot be turned off
by the pilot.


Fuel L/R is triggered when less than 5 gallons and remains for 60 seconds
Low Voltage if Voltage is Negative on AMMETER (Discharge)



Each fuel tank also incorporates warning circuits which can
detect low fuel conditions and erroneous transmitter messages.
Anytime fuel in the tank drops below approximately 5 gallons (and
remains below this level for more than 60 seconds), the amber LOW
FUEL message will flash on the annunciator panel for approximately
10 seconds and then remain steady amber. The annunciator cannot
be turned off by the pilot. If the left tank is low, the message will
read L LOW FUEL. If the right tank is low, the message will read
LOW FUEL R. If both tanks are low, the message will read L LOW
FUEL R. 



Illumination of "VOL TS" on the annunciator panel may
occur during low RPM conditions with an electrical load on
the system such as during a low RPM taxi. Under these
conditions, the annunciator will go out at higher RPM. The I
master switch need not be recycled since an overvoltage
condition has not occurred to deactivate the alternator
system. 


In addition, a separate low oil pressure indication is provided
through the panel annunciator. This annunciator is wired to a
pressure switch located on the rear of the engine accessory case.
When oil pressure is below 20 PSI, 


TST DIM or BRT positions (earlier serial number airplanes)
TEST or the DAY or NIGHT positions (later serial number airplanes). 
\
All amber and red
messages will flash until the switch is released. 



The low voltage warning annunciator is incorporated in thel
annunciator panel and activates when voltage falls below 24.5 volts.
If low voltage is detected, the red annunciation VOL TS will flash for
approximately 10 seconds before illuminating steadily. The pilot
cannot turn off the annunciator. 


In the event an overvoltage condition occurs, the alternator
control unit automatically opens the ALT FLO circuit breaker-,I
removing alternator field current and shutting off the alternator. Theil
battery will then supply system current as shown by a discharge
rate on the ammeter. Under these conditions, depending on
electrical system load, the low voltage warning annunciator will
illuminate when system voltage drops below normal. The alternator
control unit may be reset by resetting the circuit breaker. If the lo~
voltage warning annunciator extinguishes, normal alternate
charging has resumed; however, if the annunciator illuminate
again, a malfunction has occurred, and the flight should b
terminated as soon as practicable.



lighting intensity for the
avionics displays and the NAV indicators (pilot's panel) is controlled
by the annunciator panel test switch. When the switch is in the BRT
position (earlier serial number airplanes) or the DAY position (later
serial number airplanes), this lighting m


f output of the left pump falls below 3.0 in. Hg., the amber L VAC
message will flash on the annunciator panel for approximately 10
seconds before turning steady on. If output of the right pump falls
below 3.0 in. Hg., the amber VAC R message will flash on the
annunciator panel for approximately 10 seconds before turning
steady on. If output of both pumps falls below 3.0 in. Hg., the amber
L VAC R message will flash on the annunciator panel for
approximately 10 seconds before turning steady on